docs(pbts): documentation for PBTS-related consensus parameters (#2376)
cometbft/cometbft: docs/references/architecture/adr-112-proposer-based-timestamps.md

 - Feb 1 2024: Renamed to ADR 112 as basis for its adoption ([#1731](https://github.com/cometbft/cometbft/issues/1731)) in CometBFT v1.0 by @cason
 - Feb 7 2024: Multiple revisions, fixes, and backwards compatibility discussion by @cason
 - Feb 12 2024: More detailed backwards compatibility discussion by @cason

>  - Feb 22 2021: Consensus parameters for backwards compatibility by @cason

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Feb 22 2024: Consensus parameters for backwards compatibility by @cason
```

Author: Omg...

        Version   VersionParams   `json:"version"`

>         ABCI      ABCIParams      `json:"abci"`

Author: Not sure.

#### Compatibility parameters

In order to ensure backwards compatibility, PBTS should be enabled using a consensus parameter:

```go
type FeatureParams struct {

>         PbtsEnableHeight int64 `json:"pbts_enable_height"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        PbtsEnableHeight int64 `json:"pbts_enable_height"`
        ...
```

#### Compatibility parameters

In order to ensure backwards compatibility, PBTS should be enabled using a consensus parameter:

```go
type FeatureParams struct {
        PbtsEnableHeight int64 `json:"pbts_enable_height"`
        ...
}
```

> The semantics is identical to the one adopted to enable vote extensions via

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The semantics are identical to the ones adopted to enable vote extensions via
```

> The semantics is identical to the one adopted to enable vote extensions via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The semantics is similar to the one adopted to enable vote extensions via
```

Reviewer: Vote extensions are more complex (H is special, different from H+1, which is not the case with PBTS)

Author: Addressed.
